this is my dream everyday carry 2024
I've been optimizing this every day for
the last year in the background and I
think it's finally perfect so let's talk
about it so it all starts with the
backpack this is the gtic 30 L travel
pack I've probably been through 15
backpacks leading up to this one and it
is by far the best it's weather
resistant so I feel pretty comfortable
doing this even when there is a lot of
valuable stuff on the inside it
distributes weight really well so things
feel lighter than they are but the
single biggest thing is I think you'll
be absolutely shocked by how much you
can fit in here you'll see as I unpack
so when you're crafting a perfect
everyday carry I think it's important to
have some rules these are mine number
one every single Gadget charges with
USBC number two there are no gimmicks
here everything has a function number
three function over form but sometimes
you can have both and number four dark
mode everything just because it looks
cool okay let's start on the outside so
in the right hand pocket this is the
fagun mini a strangely shaped device
that's basically the most powerful
massage gun you can get in this compact
form factor and of course golden rule
number one charges with USBC but there
is something else on this side this is
an air tag it's in one of these Ultra
solid hyper rugged cases and it's got a
thick braided metal wire so you
shouldn't be able to cut through it but
even if you do there's actually a second
hidden air tag within the inner lining
of this bag it didn't come with it I put
that in but it's a really cool tip that
I learned from my good friend technical
gury in India that's proper two Factor
security so you've got to have a
dedicated sunglasses pocket in a bag cuz
there's something about sunglasses they
just they disappear at the first
opportunity and you might be thinking
well eron that's a tiny pocket for a
pair of sunglasses yes but these are the
Rove sunglasses I featured them in my
finnest tech video and they are just so
awesome they're basically folding
sunglasses but just with the thinnest
possible frame and they do not actually
feel nearly as flimsy as you'd expect to
given that then the other thing in this
pocket and by the way they're also felt
lines so these are super comfy pockets
is a pen just cuz you sometimes need to
write stuff this is actually my lucky
pen back when I was doing my high school
exams I spent a long time researching
pens I was trying to find the single pen
that had the lowest friction coefficient
so that I was as streamlined as possible
while writing out my essays and this jet
stream is like a $2 pen that does that
so I keep it with me everywhere now and
then on the left side this is the chili
Series 2 water bottle find the idea of
water bottles having a series 2 so funny
Next Generation water but yeah the most
important thing for me with the water
bottle was making absolute sure that
it's leak proof I realize it doesn't
look like that right now because I
dipped this backpack in water earlier
but it's also got a couple of extra
niceties it can keep cold drinks cold
and hot drinks hot so sometimes it's
water sometimes it's black coffee it's
got a really interesting lip that makes
it weirdly comfortable to drink from and
then it's also got this rubber base so
it's not clanging around as you pick it
up and put it down we'll put that there
I'm trying to turn this into a really
aesthetic unpacking oh also what's
really cool about these side pockets is
when they're empty they're magnetized so
they sit completely flush with the bag
now front pockets I realize how this
looks it's actually much more tragic um
this is a bag of tea I really like my
home tea bags and no hotel that I go to
seems to be able to match them and these
are Milo's treats I have a very needy
cat good boy and a sub to the channel
would be all
delicious to some oh yeah other thing I
love about this bag is most of the
backpacks I tested I pretty much end up
filling every single available pocket
this thing has so many that I probably
still got like eight spare this was one
of my main criteria when searching for a
backpack is that when you unzip the
compartment it opens completely flat and
the beauty of this is you get to your
hotel room on the other side of wherever
you're traveling to and this is your
suitcase and this actually opens
completely flat like this both in the
front compartment and the back
compartment but I'm getting to the back
front first four more pockets on the
side I don't even know what to do with
all of them but I'm using the bottom two
because one of them actually has
something quite cool this is a
retractable key holder so this is where
I keep my backup keys and what's quite
reassuring about this leash is that I
know for absolute certainty that my keys
will be in this pocket when I open the
bag I've also recently come around to
the idea of these key organizers and
then when you want to use them you just
swivel them out like this tuck them back
in and on the other side is my wallet
this is a Pokémon Center X Fossil wallet
and it doesn't really have any redeeming
features it's it's just a Pokémon wallet
but there is one cool thing that I want
to show you here this is the chipolo
item finder and functions in a very
similar way to an air tag it's just the
form factor is much better suited for
slipping into a wallet like a card okay
this is where things get fun so this is
the belroy toiletry kit plus and I
really like these belroy bags the
material is both very reassuring but
also holds it shape quite well and the
Zips also feel really high
quality and this is actually I keep all
of my smaller Electronics in and it just
makes sense because one bag keeps
everything together it means that you
know if you have that bag you have
everything you need and also airport
security this is all the stuff that's
going to get you stopped so you might as
well get it all through in one go so it
starts with the anchor Prime power bank
this thing has a
27,600 Mah capacity and 250 WS worth of
charging power I went crazy with this
this is very high spec but the way I see
it the power bank is the center of my
entire e system every single Gadget I
carry with me can be powered by this but
also it can do some pretty cool stuff
like if I accidentally leave it
somewhere how many power Banks do you
know that have a speaker built in oh
yeah but also there's another reason I
went for this and it's because anchor
has a pretty good ecosystem so these are
anchor charging bases and they're
specifically designed to magnetically
connect to these Prime power Banks to
keep them charged up so this is the one
place where we like to keep all the
gadgets in the entire house charged up
and we used to do it in the this really
kind of clunky way with these massive
bricks and cables sprawling across the
entire thing but because these charging
bases have separate ports on the sides
to charge your other products all of our
Tech can basically be powered by just
two of these anytime I come back from a
trip I take the used power bank drop it
on and then I take one that I know is
absolutely going to be full and I just
repack it oh yeah this is a beautiful
invention this is the maax 100 wat
Universal travel adapter I didn't know
this existed until a couple of weeks ago
this is your adapter and your charger in
one device so there's four ports at the
bottom which is the maximum number of
things I'm realistically going to be
charging at any one time and that final
one at the end that's powerful enough
for a laptop and then here you plug in
anything requiring a wall outlet and
that can be us Australia UK Europe and
it turns it into US Australia UK Europe
so this one product covers the wall
charging needs of every single piece of
tech that I bring with me and you can
also get a bigger 140 WT version but 100
actually works just fine for the stuff I
carry there's yet more hidden Zips
inside of here and so this one has my
sim ejector tour yes I went for The Dark
Knight this came as part of a limited
edition Batman phone it's kind of sick
airpods Pro 2 the only light thing I own
but that's because it's technically a Mr
who's the boss Edition they're not quite
what I would call a true Hi-Fi
experience but there's not really a way
to currently get that with wireless inar
earphones so from everything I've tested
this is the best combo of sound
isolation but then also battery life and
so upon coming to that conclusion I
decided to last year get one of these
made for every single member of our team
so everyone has the Mr who the boss logo
on the front and then they have their
name written on the back oh yeah and the
actual airpods themselves are also white
and blue these are the Zeiss lens wipes
I used to carry around a microfiber
cloth all the time but I feel like when
your screen reaches a certain level of
fingerprin iness it just doesn't cut it
and these are the only things I found
that do because they're Co with a few
chemicals that just instant wipe the
dirtiest of screens but I only use them
when I need to that's actually perfectly
fallen into a really aesthetic position
this is one of my Staples the span ire
and before deciding on this I did play
around with loads of stuff more like
this which has multiple interchanging
heads like you can do lightning you can
do micro USB USBC usba but as I was
putting this backpack together it became
very clear to me that if you're buying
good quality modern technology you don't
need anything else apart from USBC and
that really is such a blessing because
it means you can just buy one or two
really good quality USBC cables and that
is everything you need and so the reason
I went with The Arc wire is exactly that
it's one very good USBC cable it's
incredibly reliable incredibly thick as
well as you can probably tell so this
isn't going to break on me it's going to
be able to charge my stuff it's going to
be able to data transfer very very fast
by the way and also it's Thunderbolt 4
so I can use this to hook my iPad up to
a massive 5K monitor if I wanted to
there's a backup SD card in here in case
I a donut and I forget my main one SD
card adapter for the iPad Pro which
fixes the one key port that it's missing
compared to a Macbook one more USBC
cable and then this this is the ESR ch2
wireless charger and these guys are
sponsoring this video but this is
genuinely what I'm carrying around every
single day it's very light it folds like
a wallet so it's a really easy shape to
shove in a pocket or a tech bag like
this it charges up to three things at
once so in my Cas that's my phone my
earphones and my Apple watch but then
also this is second generation Chi
charging so the phone charging is twice
as powerful as normal CH Chargers and
your watch charging is four times and
the really cool part of this is look the
watch charger is completely removable so
if I just want to charge my watch
without the other stuff this plugs
straight into the power bank ESR does
also do this really cool 3in one watch
charging set again removable watch
charger which is very cool but I think
it's more for home than travel and Alo
this magnetic Wireless car charger and
it's all ch2 plus ESR stuff is really
well priced so Link in the description
if you want to check it out and the
wireless charging is actually quite a
nice segue into this so this is my phone
this is the Samsung Galaxy s24 Ultra and
the high level summary is I really like
it the battery life never lets me down
it just I feel like every single year it
gets harder and harder to straddle
ecosystems so using a Samsung phone
while most of the rest of my stuff is
primarily designed around Apple products
but I have some somewhat managed to save
myself from this because you know after
that phone repair video where we went
around and we basically came to the
conclusion that the entire phone repair
industry is a bit of a mess I got myself
a case and what I really like about this
case is that a obviously it protects the
phone B it has a stand baked into the
bottom which works in both orientations
but see it gives my Samsung mag safe so
I can just do
this this pit isn't even sponsored by
ESR but that's an ESR case and then on
that note this is the Apple Watch series
9 it's not the best looking Smartwatch I
strongly prefer the more circular
designed ones like the Galaxy watch and
the pixel watch but this thing has
changed my life you know just like the
airpods as a separate gift we actually
got everyone in our team one of these
two and we've been using it to create
this internal fitness challenge where
every two months we Crown a winner based
on who has achieved their own Fitness
objectives the best and so this has
basically become my personal
accountability tool I know that every
single person on this team is going to
be able to see what I get up to today
and then the strap I'm using is
literally a 50 c strap I got from a fake
Apple watch that I bought in India I'm
just wearing it in protest of how
expensive the real ones are by the way
isn't it already kind of crazy how much
stuff I've managed to take out the bag
and how little of the bag we've actually
emptied now this is the second belroy
wash bag uh this one is not the plus
this is the standard size and I got a
brown one just so I can tell immediately
at a glance which one is which and yes
this one actually does have toiletries
in it and it's at this point that you
can probably start to see my objectives
with this bag I am in the lucky position
where I often get a lot of spontaneous
opportunities come up someone will email
me and say Aaron do you want to be in
Spain in 3 days time and my whole life
before I got this all together that
would stress me out because all of a
sudden in those 3 days I had to fit in
running up and down the house getting
every single little bit that I could
possibly need take it away from its
original intended position and put it
all together in a bag in a way that it
fits but what is so beautiful about this
setup is that it's designed so that if I
want to go somewhere now all I need to
do is spend a minute and a half putting
three sets of clothes in and I'm off so
hair styling powder I found that to be
way better than wax or gel I always
carry around two individually wrapped
hand sanitizers just in case you go to a
bathroom and there's no soap or you cut
yourself it's good to disinfect folding
toothbrush which just makes too much
sense because it keeps the head of the
toothbrush clean while also picking up
half the normal footprint sadly could
not find this in dark mode and then one
more cool thing about this belroy bag is
a little magnetic latch and behind which
is the Gillette Labs razor which is the
best razor I've ever used because it
moves in two different axes it's got a
little exfoliating bar but also if you
ever end up in need of a little bit of
self-defense that went further the first
time I did it I have no idea why they
needed to turn it into a projectile but
you just never know and then just just
to show you how much other stuff fits in
here moisturizer suncream mini mouthwash
antiperspirant perfume oh this one's
actually fun this is also a perfume but
it was designed by a robot and
apparently algorithmically tuned to my
preferences there's a short on our
Channel where I got this made toothpaste
backup painkiller and the last thing is
my EpiPen I have a very severe peanut
allergy so I always need to know where
this is right just before we get to the
very back of the bag there's three t
shirts fit in here and I might as well
show you because a few people have asked
me so I found these in Japan the brand
is called Theory and they are by far the
most expensive t-shirts I own but the
material is so high quality and heavy
that I tend to wear these to even smart
events and also they barely need any
ironing which is perfect for something
that you have to keep shoved in a bag
shorts which also double as swim shorts
so I don't need to pack two separate
things and then cargo trousers um I used
to be a jeans guy my entire life but as
soon as this became a socially seable
thing to wear I was all in on it because
you have like a th000 Pockets now oh
yeah and all underwear is in a separate
middle compartment but we don't need to
review that need some more space on this
table socks underwear I'm only putting
this out cuz I'm trying to show you the
sheer holding capacity of this bag and
do you want to know probably the single
coolest part of it it is this this ZIP
right here so what you've seen up until
this point is a 20 L backpack a very
generous 20 L back pack you can fit a
lot in there but if I open this and it
goes all the way
around this is now a 30 L backpack and
the reason I've gone for something that
does that is in case I
also want to carry this this is our
camera bag and for quite a while we've
actually been using this $20 Amazon
Basics camera bag but over time as we
figured out exactly the things we need
and nothing more we've transitioned to
the belroy camera sling there are some
really cool things about it like for
example how often do you see a bag where
you can zip it one way but you can also
zip it entirely from the other direction
to open it and long story short this
perfectly fits everything that we
possibly need on our shoot days my
camera which is the Sony A7 S3 the
microphone we've got three different key
lenses oh and this this is the aperture
MC Pro it's like a tiny little light
that's an entire studio in one Gadget
I'll just show you how bright it
is so first of all that's crazy
considering how well lit this room
already is with massive soft boxes plus
magnetic attachments on the back you can
equip a soft box for the front which
massively softens the light on your face
you can also magnetically attach a
honeycomb which restricts the light to
only shooting in One Direction so that
you can perfectly light yourself without
needing to bleed into the background and
then you can do both at the same time
not to mention like any color you could
possibly want we've got our microphones
and again every single thing USBC and
you might be thinking well Ain you got a
camera that camera is not going to be
USBC is it well hidden Pocket time so in
here I have five spare batteries for our
Sony camera and yeah these are
traditionally designed to kind of slot
in place in one of those archaic camera
battery chargers but also we have found
batteries that have a USBC Port which
means yes we can charge these using the
same anchor power base that we use to
charge the power bank and everything
else but yeah the camera bag is just a
fun little and yes it actually does fit
inside of the go Matic bag but we're not
actually quite done with this yet cuz
this is the back pocket opens flat and
so right now in this back I have three
things iPad Pro 13
in apple magic keyboard and the apple
pencil Pro and it's kind of crazy to say
but this this little 5 mm thin machine
has become my entire workstation when
I'm outside the house it can do all of
my laptop things but also so much more
like idea generation I'm constantly
sketching things with this apple pencil
actually funnily enough even the plan
for the thumbnail of this video also
this is such a good Netflix machine for
when you're on the plane plus I also
ended up going for the cellular model so
this thing has its own data connection
and I'm not hotspotting from anything
which just makes it faster so yeah the
iPad Pro M4 has officially become my Mac
away from home but the crazy part of it
is the bag is so big I could could have
fit in a Mac 2 let me know if you
enjoyed this slightly more impromptu
video and maybe we'll turn it into a
series catch you in the next one